docs: Add TechDocs FAQ about using it without techdocs-backend (#4173)
backstage/backstage: docs/features/techdocs/architecture.md

MkDocs which does not allow us to generate docs per-page, so we would have to
build all docs for a entity on every request.

**Q. Can you use the techdocs plugin without the techdocs-backend plugin?**

A: `techdocs` and `techdocs-backend` plugins are designed to be used together,
like any other Backstage plugin with a frontend and its backend (catalog,
scaffolder, etc.). If you set your Backstage instance to generate docs on the
server, `techdocs-backend` will be responsible for managing the whole build
process, making sure it's scalable. It is responsible for securely communicating
with the cloud storage provider, for both fetching static generated sites and
publishing the updates. There are other planned features like an authentication
layer for users to determine whether they have the permission to view a
particular docs site. There are a handful of features which are extremely hard

> to develop without a tightly integrated backend in place. Hence, supporting
> `techdocs` without `techdocs-backend` is limiting and challenging for its
> development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to develop without a tightly integrated backend in place. Hence, support for
`techdocs` without `techdocs-backend` is limited and challenging to develop.
```
